Previously on remember the wife of life. I'm going to realistic glasses. What? We didn't talk about this. Why?
If you made her my money out and have to go away
I've decided something. What is it? To start studying the Bible together. You mean you want to become a priest? Come on, Rick
It's Jehovah's Witnesses isn't it, Dad? What are you trying to say? All I see is an unhappy man
You have no idea how much pressure glory is putting on me
You're not the same person that I once knew
It was time for something new actually we can make new things. We even got a new piano for it. Oh nice
Have some dessert. Thank you
Hey, I've been very some relatives for dinner
Yeah, so I see
Are you hungry?
Here's the oranges. Oh, thank you
Hey, let's go
Wait a minute. Hold on. Why did you arrange this without telling me? Well, surprise
Why did you arrange this without telling me? I thought you'd be nice to have a family dinner
But none of them are in the truth
How else are you going to witness to them?
They're only here to socialize. They're not here to talk about Jehovah. Come on, Brian. They're family. Let's go and talk
Is your mother okay? Hey, Henry. Hey, well, I'll let you guys talk
Hello, Henry. How are you? Okay. What has been much of you lately? Yeah, well, we've been pretty busy busy
Well, I can tell you spend a lot of time with your church, but how it does we felt really left out
We have other relatives who are Christians. I mean, they will be spent time with us during holidays
Henry as I've explained before
When we became witnesses, they're just certain practices. We don't want to compromise on our beliefs are very important to us
Between that and work
We really do have busy schedules
Well speaking of work, I'm out of work at this moment. I'm sorry to hear that Henry. So if you hear of any job openings
I mean, I've got a lot of experience. Would you excuse us for a moment?
Gloria, recently you have done well. I must congratulate you on your hard work with my company. Thank you uncle
but
Do not forget it's not just your hard work that is giving you all this. Yes uncle
I understand and thank you for everything then you must not let me down
Oh, do you mean uncle? I am talking about your priorities
What about them? You must learn to keep your religion in its place
Of course you can have your God
But it must not interfere with what's most important in your life
Your relative's and your career
Your religion gets in the way of what's expected of you
Well uncle, I understand how important these things are to you into all of my relatives
But as I explained to you before when I became one of Jova's witnesses
Spiritual things also became very important to me. Yes, and I've never agreed with your choice. Have I?
No
And yet I've given you this job. I helped you get this beautiful apartment
Because the way you live
Reflects on me
You know that since your father passed away
I've taken the responsibility as family had towards you as well as your mother and your brother
Have you forgotten all I have done for you?
No
I do remember
Then you must serve my company and work hard for me
This is for family Gloria. This must be your priority
Must make me proud
Remember what I've said to you. You can lose all this very easily
Do you understand? Yes, I understand
Good
Mom
Why are you reading a medical book?
I'm reading about my problem
Problem. What problem?
Pain in my back. You didn't tell me you have any pain. I called you three times, but it didn't answer
Mom, I didn't see any calls from you. I wouldn't need to call you if you would visit me
I hardly see you anymore since you moved here. Mom, I came by only three days ago
One day you'll come by and find me on the floor not breathing. I want you to take me to the top
Go ahead and laugh. Are you going to follow his instructions this time?
At this rate, I may not be around to see my granddaughters get married
Ma'am, we're going to see Dr. Tomorrow, okay?
Gloria
When you are little
My mom used to live with us and later your father's mother, too. Remember that?
Yes
My apartment is not like this big and one
Mine is cold and drafty, you know. I think that's why I had this
pain
Mom, she wants to move you with us
Brother Wim's next visit is the third week of March. It's the same week of the memorial
So make sure you put that in your calendar. Okay. Oh
I have a big showing on same day as memorial
It's the new property on glass me to handle the the day of the memorial. Yeah
But it's okay. I I can get Ma'am to cover for me once I sit up
Okay, you better make sure that he can handle that
Yeah, all right
Hey, what were you and uncle talking about on the balcony tonight?
It's nothing. We're just talking about business. Are you sure? Because it seemed like a bother, do you?
He's putting a lot of pressure on me
It's okay. I can handle you
Really? I mean, what can we?
What do you mean? I'm just saying look at us actually Joe spoke with me today
About what? Well, he's concerned about us spiritually. He feels we've become materialistic
Joe doesn't understand our background
And is it really wrong to try to improve our life? No, but
Not if it means putting anything or any one ahead of Joe over
But don't you think we need to make some sacrifices if you want nice things?
We have made sacrifices all the wrong ones. You even had to quit pioneering
We're neglecting family worship
Study service
We've even become too busy
Or maybe too ashamed to even pray together
Gloria we're drifting apart from each other
But look at this place. It's so nice. I don't want to give it up
Gloria
We don't want this place
If it takes us or you away from Jehovah
Besides we haven't been able to rent out the old place yet
We have two mortgages
But more than that Gloria
Think of all we taught the girls when they were little
About putting Jehovah ahead of everything else
Do you remember Brother Williams talk a couple years ago about
Not being able to serve two masters
And how lots wife put her home ahead of Jehovah
Jesus told her story as a lesson for us
We have to remember the wife of Lot
It didn't have to end that way for her
And it doesn't have to end that way for us
Do you think we're that bad?
Come here on us to get back to where we were
Spiritually I want you close to me again
Remember let's say a prayer
Jesus name can turn this around
You can do it
Jehovah will help us
I'm proud of you
And I finished cleaning up
We have to remember the life of Lot
It didn't have to end that way for her
And it doesn't have to end that way for us
Hey, so I was wondering
Tomorrow what time do you think we'll finish?
Look Anna, we're really behind schedule
So I need to be a team player on this
Okay, whenever I not been a team player
Some people on the team feel that you're getting special treatment
Because we're related
And I have to make sure that everyone gets treated equally
When have I ever asked for special treatment?
It's your church being is Anna
If we're all working overtime
I can't keep covering for you
So you can go while everyone else stays
But you said when I started that it wouldn't be a problem
Look, I remember what I said
But things change Anna
And if you want to be part of this team
You need to do your part
And that's starting now
Working overtime every night this week till we get caught up
Every night
I can't do that Kevin
Tomorrow is a really important meeting
It's the memorial
I told you already
I remember
But I can't make an exception for you
But who knows?
Maybe if we work hard enough
We'll get caught up and you can still go
This is close to lunch
So let's grab the rest of the team
And get some food
And we could talk about this later
Okay?
Fine
Nice haircut by the way
Thanks
My dad doesn't like it though
Of course
Tell us how you work yourself
Hey, look at those religious fanatics over there
I bet they get along great with your strict parents
Hey, Anna
These are the top headlines from BNC News
Death tolls continue to rise in the wake of a massive earthquake
With a magnitude of 8.1
The struck off the Tuesday
And was spelled as far away as Tokyo Japan
The resulting tsunami has caused devastation in the entire region
Meanwhile, the global financial meltdown continues to plague stocks
As market prices drop drastically once again today
China's government suspended trading early in fears of a sell-off
Hello
Gloria, hi
I was just catching up on where we stand
There's no property
It's Marty
Remember, the showing is on for tomorrow
And you can still help me out when I need to leave, right?
Yes, of course
I wouldn't miss it
There's gonna be a ton of big investors there
Just be sure you can be there on time
I have to leave once everything's set up
And this is really important to me, Marty
I'm counting on you
Absolutely
Anything for you
We'll talk to you later
You made sure with Marty that he could cover
Yes, he'll be there
Well, once you come over, we're gonna start our memorial Bible reading
Okay
Okay, so we're starting with Mark chapter 141
Anna
I thought you had a big day at work
I did
Then where are you home so early?
I just
I'm just so ashamed of myself
Just saying, honey, come over here
Anna
What are you talking about?
I saw
Mary
and Ricky
Out in service today
I couldn't even acknowledge them
Well, I don't know why I'm doing this anymore
The people I'm working with
They're not who I thought they were
In this job, it's not making me happy
And I know it's not making Jehovah happy
Anna
You can't just quit like this
I want you to have comfortable life
So that you don't need to worry about money
You have to be successful
With a secure job and it will
It will help you to pioneer
I know you care about me
But if I keep this job
I know where you'll take me
It's changed me so much already
I want to be a success
But I want to be a success in Jehovah's eyes
We're sure
That's what you want to do
Yes, I am so proud of you
Because you have the courage to do
What I should have done
What are we going to do now?
We need to examine our priorities
Together
But if we make the changes that we need to
We might give up this place
Is that all right with everyone?
Finally, I never like to space anyway
Can we at least keep the new piano?
Only if we do something about your hair first
You will
Good point
Can I help you?
Hey good morning sir, how are you?
Good, thank you
Good, my name is Joe
And this morning we're leaving this invitation with your neighbors
This is your copy here
Okay, thank you
Okay
Director Williams
This is a nice surprise
I haven't seen you since you were overseeing our division
Donald
I didn't know this was your home
Yeah, but I mean what brings you here?
Well, I've changed careers
Really?
Yes
You must have gotten a really good offer
You know, Donald
I finally found a far better career
And something more important
Really?
If you have a moment, I'd love to tell you about it
Would you guys like to come in for some coffee?
Absolutely
Yeah, yeah, sure
Please come in
Thank you
Morning
Hello
Okay, uh
What are you guys going to sell me today?
Nothing sir
We have an invitation for you
It's uh, to a special event tonight
Okay, sure, thanks uh
Hey, aren't you Arthur Gomez?
Yeah, Joe's boy
And you must be his wife um
Mary
Mary, that's right
I'm sorry, have we met before?
Oh yeah, sorry
You probably wouldn't remember me
But I used to work with Joe
Yeah, he would always show us pictures of the boys
And talk about you guys all the time
I could tell he was really proud of his family
It's really nice of you to say sir
Man, Joe, he changed so much
I remember when I first started working with him
He had this temper
And he would just lose it over the smallest thing
But then he really started changing
I guess he said it was what he learned from the Bible
Well, from you guys, right?
Actually, you could be surprised
It was Joe who first suggested that we study the Bible as a family
Not us
Really?
Yeah
Okay, this I've got to hear
Do you ever really regret this thing you made to uh,
you know, leave your career and start pioneering?
Absolutely not
Well, regret is that I hadn't started so much
Sounds really nice
Thanks, Anna
Is there something wrong with my hair?
Tina helped me fix it yesterday
It's fine, Anna
You're beautiful
You know that?
Why are you getting all sentimental?
Last night, when I told you I was proud of you,
I meant it
Thank you
I should have never pushed into that internship
I was pressuring you
the way my mother tried to pressure me
It's okay, mom
I know you just want what's best for me
I do
But I was setting a bad example for you
You don't need a prestigious job to pioneer
You just need something appropriate to help you make a living
I left out the most important thing
What's that?
Remember to rely on Jehovah
and he'll always help us
Before this job, when I was pioneering
We always had enough
If we put Jehovah first, he will help us no matter what
Anna, everything comes at a cost
If you put your career first like I've been doing,
there's very little left for Jehovah
You made the right decision
Thank you
Hey, you girls look like you're enjoying yourselves
Did you pick out your office for tonight?
Yep, mom, do you really have to go to that show tonight?
I don't want to
But I gave my word to Uncle
and he's expecting me to take care of it
I've got myself into this
and now I have to finish it
But this is the last time
Don't worry
Okay, so you're not going to be late, right?
I won't be late
Marty will be there and as soon as everything is set up, I can leave
Nothing will happen
Okay, I just want to make sure that
This isn't going to be a problem
It won't be
Mom, promise me you'll be at the memorial
I promise I have to leave now
Or I'll be late
We'll see you there
Yeah, I'll see you there
Marty, this is Gloria
Where are you?
I'm at the showing now
You know, I'm counting on you to be here
Just call me back right away
Okay?
Excuse me, I need to prove on what time to set the old days
I mean, as soon as guests are arriving
You know, check with Marty when he gets here
He's supposed to be handing it all over this
Oh, and to make sure wine is to open now so he can breathe, okay?
When people are starting to arrive, surely you want me to say something
I serve something now, then go ahead and figure something out
Hello, sir
Where's the list of property details?
Yes, I can get one for you, sir
But can I ask you who's the agent you're working with?
Ah, yes, I'm working with Marty
Where is he?
Marty, yes, he's on his way, sir
He'll be here very soon
In the meantime, would you like to have something to drink?
Sure
Come this way, please
Girls, you look nice
Thanks, then
Is my mom on a way to the hall?
You know what, let me check
Um, let me send her a quick text
I mean, think about it
Privacy, outer living
Where can you get it in the city, right?
Excuse me, I have to talk to other clients as well
Okay, so thank you
How's it going, everyone?
Are you guys doing okay?
Yes, good
When is Marty going to be here?
He was supposed to show me some other offerings in this building
Yes, Marty will be here very soon, sir
Would you care for another glass of wine?
My can't stay long
I have another important meeting tonight
Did she text back?
No, I don't see anything yet
Then why don't you just call her?
She probably didn't see your text
Or she could be on a way to the hall already
Yeah, that's a good point
Let me just give her a quick call
The memorial's going to start in less than an hour
Did you leave yet?
I can't leave yet
What?
I thought you made arrangements so that you could leave whenever you want
I know, I know
Marty said he's going to be here, but I can't reach him now
Glory, what are you going to do?
I'll figure something out, I gotta go
Okay
Dad, where's mom?
She is coming, right?
She promised
Yeah, she said she would be there
Yeah, I know girls
Marty's not there yet
I don't know what your mom's going to do
Promise me, you'll be at the memorial
I promise
The wife of...
Mom, are you okay?
Marty, finally, you're here
Where were you?
Do you know how many times did I call you?
I'm so sorry, Gloria
My phone died on the way over here and the traffic is just terrible
Well, look, I've got everything set up
Make sure you take care of everybody, okay?
And do not forget the least details
And before I go, I have to introduce you to really important brokers
Let's go, let's go, hurry
Hurry up
What's going on?
Where are you going?
Oh, okay, I didn't know you were coming tonight
You didn't think I would give you such an important building to sell
And not check in on you
Uncle, we have really important religious evidence tonight
I did everything you asked me to do for the showing
But I have to leave now
That's nonsense
You stayed right here and cared for the investors
But, Uncle, I did everything for you
Will you disgrace me here in front of everyone?
You have my respect, Uncle
But what?
There is no discussion
Remember who it is you are speaking to
I have to go, Uncle
This is most important to me
Jehovah is most important to me
Please understand
If you leave now, you will lose everything
We invite all to please find their seats
Our program will begin in just a few minutes
The observance of the Morton Savior will be singing song number 147
Entitled a special possession
That night changed me forever
I came so close to letting my relationship with Jehovah
Slift through my fingers
I almost ended up like a woman in the Bible
I would never want to imitate
Thankfully, I was able to change in time
Because I remembered the wife of Lot